# APIKA Sprint 3 Review Meeting
* Date: 05.01.2017 13:00 - 14:30
* Participants: Brylie, Taija

# Showcase:
* Brylie
    - Issues: 
      - 176 Create API Card component: closed
      - 180 Refactor 'catalogue' component; rename to 'catalog': closed
      - 131 Allow organization managers to define organization contact person: PR ready for review
      - 162 Unify organizations and APIs routes: PR ready for review
    - PRs: 
      - 201 Organization apis form lite: Finalizing work started by Daria and Ville, in progress
      - 194 Feature/organization apis/publication: reviewed the PR
      - 182 Feature/api organization relationship: reviewed the PR
      - 184 Update Dockerfile-development: reviewed the PR

* Taija
     - PRs:
       - 188 Translation round done for Apika: closed
    
* Nazia:
  - Issues: 83, 145, 80, 146, wireframes for issue 170 and 8

